DOCS-1113 Create ai accelerator ga documentation section (#6292)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/edb-postgres-ai/overview/overview-and-concepts.mdx

-   **[Lakehouse nodes](/edb-postgres-ai/analytics/concepts/)**
    -   At the heart of Analytics is custom-built object storage for your data. Built to bring structured and unstructured data together, Lakehouse nodes support numerous formats to bring cold data in, ready for analysis. 

## [EDB Postgres AI AI/ML](/edb-postgres-ai/ai-accelerator/)

> -   Postgres has proven its capability as a flexible data environment. With vector data as the core of generative AI, it's already infused into EDB Postgres AI, providing a platform for a range of practical and effective AI/ML solutions. A technical preview of this capability is available for the Postgres aidb extension.

Reviewer: Not sure if to call it first release, or GA
```suggestion
-   Postgres has proven its capability as a flexible data environment. With vector data as the core of generative AI, it's already infused into EDB Postgres AI, providing a platform for a range of practical and effective AI/ML solutions. The first release of this capability is available for the Postgres aidb extension.
```
